Barclays Online Banking
How to make an International Payment
It's easy to make an international payment
with Online Banking.
Making sure you have a PINsentry device to hand,
start by clicking 'Move money'
from the homepage.
Next, click 'International payment'.
Then select the account you'd like to make
the payment from
and enter the amount you're sending in pounds.
Select the recipient's currency
from the drop-down menu
and you'll see the amount they will receive here.
Click on 'Continue'.
You can now choose whether you're paying
someone you've paid before or someone new.
If you're paying someone new,
enter the recipient's name here.
Next, select your recipient's country
from the drop-down menu
and enter their IBAN so we can identify
their bank account.
Add a reference that will appear on your
bank statement
and a reference
that will appear on theirs
before clicking on 'Continue'.
Now choose when you'd like to send the payment
and let us know which account
you'd like to use to pay any applicable charges
before clicking 'Continue'.
Scroll down and check all the details are correct.
You'll now need your mobile to hand.
Open the Barclays app and from the login
screen, tap 'Mobile PINsentry.
Press 'Respond' and enter
your 5-digit passcode.
Then enter the 8- digit code displayed
on your mobile here and click on 'Confirm'.
You have 90 seconds to authorise
your payment
with either your mobile
PINsentry or physical PINsentry.
If the 90 seconds runs out, don't worry,
just click 'Get a new rate' and you'll be able to
enter your PINsentry code again
And you're all done.